Are you talking about the male live streaming host from before?
Yes, I did.
Why kill him?
He is courting death
He asked me to kill him
I've never seen such a stupid request in my life
What about the 1,000 people before that?
What did they do wrong again?
They are all wrong
They are all dead
What a powerful gas palm
He won't kill us, will he?
No, don't provoke him.
Otherwise it will be bad
Haha, my military doctor has no complaints
Ah, good.
Family, we won't talk about these unhappy things today.
Accelerate your visit to our live stream.
Everyone is happy, right?
But some family members have to go to work tomorrow
So I will use our live stream today.
So far.
How about speeding up?
Don't go off the air.
It's hard to see a real ghost
Come and get talent
Hurry up
This is not an appointment with your mother, a bunch of bastards who are not afraid of death
Haha, what are you kidding?
Our family can't perform talents?